The most common adverse reaction is conjunctival hyperemia (53%). Other common adverse reactions, approximately 20% include: corneal verticillata, instillation site pain, and conjunctival hemorrhage. ( 6.1 )<br>To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS, contact Alcon Laboratories, Inc. at 1‑800-757-9195, or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch .<br>Because clinical studies are conducted under widely varying conditions, adverse reaction rates observed in the clinical studies of a drug cannot be directly compared to rates in the clinical studies of another drug and may not reflect the rates observed in practice.<br>The most common ocular adverse reaction observed in controlled clinical studies with RHOPRESSA dosed once daily was conjunctival hyperemia which was reported in 53% of patients. Six percent of patients discontinued therapy due to conjunctival hyperemia. Other common (approximately 20%) ocular adverse reactions reported were: corneal verticillata, instillation site pain, and conjunctival hemorrhage. Instillation site erythema, corneal staining, blurred vision, increased lacrimation, erythema of eyelid, and reduced visual acuity were reported in 5-10% of patients.<br>Corneal Verticillata<br>Corneal verticillata occurred in approximately 20% of the patients in controlled clinical studies. The corneal verticillata seen in RHOPRESSA-treated patients were first noted at 4 weeks of daily dosing. This reaction did not result in any apparent visual functional changes in patients. Most corneal verticillata resolved upon discontinuation of treatment.<br>The following adverse reactions have been identified during postmarketing use of RHOPRESSA. Because these reactions are reported voluntarily from a population of uncertain size, it is not always possible to reliably estimate their frequency or establish a causal relationship to drug exposure.<br>Eye disorders : Epithelial corneal edema has been reported in some patients with pre-existing corneal stromal edema or following ocular procedures (that could affect corneal endothelial function) [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.1 )] .<br>6 ADVERSE REACTIONS The most common adverse reaction is conjunctival hyperemia (53%). Other common adverse reactions, approximately 20% include: corneal verticillata, instillation site pain, and conjunctival hemorrhage. ( 6.1 ) To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS, contact Alcon Laboratories, Inc. at 1‑800-757-9195, or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch . 6.1 Clinical Trials Experience Because clinical studies are conducted under widely varying conditions, adverse reaction rates observed in the clinical studies of a drug cannot be directly compared to rates in the clinical studies of another drug and may not reflect the rates observed in practice. The most common ocular adverse reaction observed in controlled clinical studies with RHOPRESSA dosed once daily was conjunctival hyperemia which was reported in 53% of patients. Six percent of patients discontinued therapy due to conjunctival hyperemia. Other common (approximately 20%) ocular adverse reactions reported were: corneal verticillata, instillation site pain, and conjunctival hemorrhage. Instillation site erythema, corneal staining, blurred vision, increased lacrimation, erythema of eyelid, and reduced visual acuity were reported in 5-10% of patients. Corneal Verticillata Corneal verticillata occurred in approximately 20% of the patients in controlled clinical studies. The corneal verticillata seen in RHOPRESSA-treated patients were first noted at 4 weeks of daily dosing. This reaction did not result in any apparent visual functional changes in patients. Most corneal verticillata resolved upon discontinuation of treatment. 6.2 Postmarketing Experience The following adverse reactions have been identified during postmarketing use of RHOPRESSA. Because these reactions are reported voluntarily from a population of uncertain size, it is not always possible to reliably estimate their frequency or establish a causal relationship to drug exposure. Eye disorders : Epithelial corneal edema has been reported in some patients with pre-existing corneal stromal edema or following ocular procedures (that could affect corneal endothelial function) [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.1 )] .