The following serious adverse reactions are described elsewhere in the labeling:<br>The most common adverse reactions (incidence 5%-25%) following the use of Xiidra were instillation-site irritation, dysgeusia, and decreased visual acuity. ( 6 )<br>To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS, contact Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation at 1-888-669-6682 or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch .<br>Because clinical trials are conducted under widely varying conditions, adverse reaction rates observed in clinical trials of a drug cannot be directly compared to rates in the clinical trials of another drug and may not reflect the rates observed in practice.<br>In five clinical trials of DED conducted with lifitegrast ophthalmic solution, 1401 patients received at least one dose of lifitegrast (1287 of which received lifitegrast 5%). The majority of patients (84%) had less than or equal to 3 months of treatment exposure. One hundred-seventy patients were exposed to lifitegrast for approximately 12 months. The majority of the treated patients were female (77%). The most common adverse reactions reported in 5%-25% of patients were instillation-site irritation, dysgeusia, and reduced visual acuity.<br>Other adverse reactions reported in 1%-5% of the patients were blurred vision, conjunctival hyperemia, eye irritation, headache, increased lacrimation, eye discharge, eye discomfort, eye pruritus, and sinusitis.<br>The following adverse reactions have been identified during post-approval use of Xiidra. Because these reactions are reported voluntarily from a population of uncertain size, it is not always possible to reliably estimate their frequency or establish a causal relationship to drug exposure.<br>Rare serious cases of hypersensitivity, including anaphylactic reaction, bronchospasm, respiratory distress, pharyngeal edema, swollen tongue, urticaria, allergic conjunctivitis, dyspnea, angioedema, and allergic dermatitis have been reported. Eye swelling and rash have also been reported [see Contraindications (4)] .<br>6     ADVERSE REACTIONS The following serious adverse reactions are described elsewhere in the labeling: Hypersensitivity [see Contraindications (4)] The most common adverse reactions (incidence 5%-25%) following the use of Xiidra were instillation-site irritation, dysgeusia, and decreased visual acuity. ( 6 ) To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS, contact Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation at 1-888-669-6682 or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch . 6.1     Clinical Trials Experience Because clinical trials are conducted under widely varying conditions, adverse reaction rates observed in clinical trials of a drug cannot be directly compared to rates in the clinical trials of another drug and may not reflect the rates observed in practice. In five clinical trials of DED conducted with lifitegrast ophthalmic solution, 1401 patients received at least one dose of lifitegrast (1287 of which received lifitegrast 5%). The majority of patients (84%) had less than or equal to 3 months of treatment exposure. One hundred-seventy patients were exposed to lifitegrast for approximately 12 months. The majority of the treated patients were female (77%). The most common adverse reactions reported in 5%-25% of patients were instillation-site irritation, dysgeusia, and reduced visual acuity. Other adverse reactions reported in 1%-5% of the patients were blurred vision, conjunctival hyperemia, eye irritation, headache, increased lacrimation, eye discharge, eye discomfort, eye pruritus, and sinusitis. 6.2     Postmarketing Experience The following adverse reactions have been identified during post-approval use of Xiidra. Because these reactions are reported voluntarily from a population of uncertain size, it is not always possible to reliably estimate their frequency or establish a causal relationship to drug exposure. Rare serious cases of hypersensitivity, including anaphylactic reaction, bronchospasm, respiratory distress, pharyngeal edema, swollen tongue, urticaria, allergic conjunctivitis, dyspnea, angioedema, and allergic dermatitis have been reported. Eye swelling and rash have also been reported [see Contraindications (4)] .