The following clinically significant adverse reactions are described elsewhere in the labeling:<br>﻿Nausea, vomiting, and injection site pain and burning sensation were all reported during post-approval use. ( 6 )<br>To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS, contact Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation at 1-888-669-6682 or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch .<br>The safety of gallium Ga 68 dotatate was evaluated in three single center studies [see Clinical Studies ( 14 )] and in a survey of the scientific literature. No serious adverse reactions were identified.<br>The following adverse reactions have been identified during post-approval use of NETSPOT or other somatostatin receptor imaging agents. Because these reactions are reported voluntarily from a population of uncertain size, it is not always possible to reliably estimate their frequency or establish a causal relationship to the drug.<br>Gastrointestinal Disorders: Nausea and vomiting<br>General Disorders and Administration Site Conditions: Injection site pain and burning sensation<br>Immune System Disorders: Hypersensitivity reactions, predominantly rash, pruritus, less frequently angioedema or features of anaphylaxis.<br>6     ADVERSE REACTIONS The following clinically significant adverse reactions are described elsewhere in the labeling: Hypersensitivity reactions [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.2 )] ﻿Nausea, vomiting, and injection site pain and burning sensation were all reported during post-approval use. ( 6 ) To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS, contact Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation at 1-888-669-6682 or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch . 6.1     Clinical Trials Experience The safety of gallium Ga 68 dotatate was evaluated in three single center studies [see Clinical Studies ( 14 )] and in a survey of the scientific literature. No serious adverse reactions were identified. 6.2     Postmarketing Experience The following adverse reactions have been identified during post-approval use of NETSPOT or other somatostatin receptor imaging agents. Because these reactions are reported voluntarily from a population of uncertain size, it is not always possible to reliably estimate their frequency or establish a causal relationship to the drug. Gastrointestinal Disorders: Nausea and vomiting General Disorders and Administration Site Conditions: Injection site pain and burning sensation Immune System Disorders: Hypersensitivity reactions, predominantly rash, pruritus, less frequently angioedema or features of anaphylaxis.