6. ADVERSE REACTIONS The following serious adverse reactions with the use of COCs are discussed elsewhere in the labeling: Serious cardiovascular events and smoking [see Boxed Warningand Warnings and Precautions (5.1)] Vascular events [see Warnings and Precautions (5.1)] Liver disease [see Warnings and Precautions (5.3)] Adverse reactions commonly reported by COC users are: Irregular uterine bleeding Nausea Breast tenderness Headache The most common adverse reactions (≥5%) in clinical trials for levonorgestrel/ethinyl estradiol tablets and ethinyl estradiol tablets are irregular and/or heavy uterine bleeding, weight gain, and acne. ( 6) To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS, contact Mayne Pharma. at 1-844 -825-8500 or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch. 6.1 Clinical Trial Experience Because clinical trials are conducted under widely varying conditions, adverse reaction rates observed in the clinical trials of a drug cannot be directly compared to the rates in the clinical trials of another drug and may not reflect the rates observed in practice. The clinical trial that evaluated the safety and efficacy of levonorgestrel/ethinyl estradiol tablets and ethinyl estradiol tablets was a 12-month, randomized, multicenter, open-label study, which enrolled women aged 18-40, of whom 1,006 took at least one dose of levonorgestrel/ethinyl estradiol tablets and ethinyl estradiol tablets. Adverse Reactions Leading to Study Discontinuation: 16.3% of the women discontinued from the clinical trial due to an adverse reaction; the most common adverse reactions (≥ 1% of women) leading to discontinuation were irregular and/or heavy uterine bleeding (5.9%), weight gain (2.4%), mood changes (1.5%), and acne (1.0%). Common Treatment-Emergent Adverse Reactions (≥ 5% of women): irregular and/or heavy uterine bleeding (17%), weight gain (5%), acne (5%). Serious Adverse Reactions:migraine, cholecystitis, cholelithiasis, pancreatitis, abdominal pain, and major depressive disorder. 6.2 Postmarketing Experience Five studies that compared breast cancer risk between ever-users (current or past use) of COCs and never-users of COCs reported no association between ever use of COCs and breast cancer risk, with effect estimates ranging from 0.90–1.12 (Figure 2). Three studies compared breast cancer risk between current or recent COC users (<6 months since last use) and never users of COCs (Figure 2). One of these studies reported no association between breast cancer risk and COC use. The other two studies found an increased relative risk of 1.19–1.33 with current or recent use. Both of these studies found an increased risk of breast cancer with current use of longer duration, with relative risks ranging from 1.03 with less than one year of COC use to approximately 1.4 with more than 8-10 years of COC use. Figure 2: Relevant Studies of Risk of Breast Cancer with Combined Oral Contraceptives RR = relative risk; OR = odds ratio; HR = hazard ratio. "ever COC" are females with current or past COC use; "never COC use" are females that never used COCs. The following adverse reactions have been identified during post-approval use of levonorgestrel/ethinyl estradiol tablets and ethinyl estradiol tablets. Because these reactions are reported voluntarily from a population of uncertain size, it is not possible to reliably estimate their frequency or establish a causal relationship to drug exposure. Gastrointestinal disorders: abdominal distension, vomiting General disorders and administration site conditions: chest pain, fatigue, malaise, edema peripheral, pain Immune system disorders: hypersensitivity reaction Investigations:blood pressure increased Musculoskeletal and connective tissue disorders: muscle spasms, pain in extremity Nervous system disorders: dizziness, loss of consciousness Psychiatric disorders: insomnia Reproductive and breast disorders: dysmenorrhea Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders:pulmonary embolism, pulmonary thrombosis Skin and subcutaneous tissue disorders: alopecia Vascular disorders: thrombosis Figure 2