ADUHELM is indicated for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. Treatment with ADUHELM should be initiated in patients with mild cognitive impairment or mild dementia stage of disease, the population in which treatment was initiated in clinical trials. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on reduction in amyloid beta plaques observed in patients treated with ADUHELM [see Clinical Studies ( 14 )] . Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification of clinical benefit in confirmatory trial(s).<br>ADUHELM is an amyloid beta-directed antibody indicated for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. Treatment with ADUHELM should be initiated in patients with mild cognitive impairment or mild dementia stage of disease, the population in which treatment was initiated in clinical trials. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on reduction in amyloid beta plaques observed in patients treated with ADUHELM. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification of clinical benefit in confirmatory trial(s). ( 1 )<br>1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE<br> ADUHELM is indicated for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. Treatment with ADUHELM should be initiated in patients with mild cognitive impairment or mild dementia stage of disease, the population in which treatment was initiated in clinical trials. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on reduction in amyloid beta plaques observed in patients treated with ADUHELM [see Clinical Studies ( 14 )] . Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification of clinical benefit in confirmatory trial(s). ADUHELM is an amyloid beta-directed antibody indicated for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. Treatment with ADUHELM should be initiated in patients with mild cognitive impairment or mild dementia stage of disease, the population in which treatment was initiated in clinical trials. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on reduction in amyloid beta plaques observed in patients treated with ADUHELM. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification of clinical benefit in confirmatory trial(s). ( 1 )