MAVENCLAD is indicated for the treatment of relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (MS), to include relapsing-remitting disease and active secondary progressive disease, in adults. Because of its safety profile, use of MAVENCLAD is generally recommended for patients who have had an inadequate response to, or are unable to tolerate, an alternate drug indicated for the treatment of MS [see Warnings and Precautions (5) ].<br>MAVENCLAD is a purine antimetabolite indicated for the treatment of relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (MS), to include relapsing-remitting disease and active secondary progressive disease, in adults. Because of its safety profile, use of MAVENCLAD is generally recommended for patients who have had an inadequate response to, or are unable to tolerate, an alternate drug indicated for the treatment of MS . ( 1 , 5 )<br>Limitations of Use<br>MAVENCLAD is not recommended for use in patients with clinically isolated syndrome (CIS) because of its safety profile . ( 1 , 5 )<br>Limitations of Use<br>MAVENCLAD is not recommended for use in patients with clinically isolated syndrome (CIS) because of its safety profile [see Warnings and Precautions (5)] .<br>1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE MAVENCLAD is indicated for the treatment of relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (MS), to include relapsing-remitting disease and active secondary progressive disease, in adults. Because of its safety profile, use of MAVENCLAD is generally recommended for patients who have had an inadequate response to, or are unable to tolerate, an alternate drug indicated for the treatment of MS [see Warnings and Precautions (5) ]. MAVENCLAD is a purine antimetabolite indicated for the treatment of relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (MS), to include relapsing-remitting disease and active secondary progressive disease, in adults. Because of its safety profile, use of MAVENCLAD is generally recommended for patients who have had an inadequate response to, or are unable to tolerate, an alternate drug indicated for the treatment of MS . ( 1 , 5 ) Limitations of Use MAVENCLAD is not recommended for use in patients with clinically isolated syndrome (CIS) because of its safety profile . ( 1 , 5 ) Limitations of Use MAVENCLAD is not recommended for use in patients with clinically isolated syndrome (CIS) because of its safety profile [see Warnings and Precautions (5)] .