RAPIVAB is indicated for the treatment of acute uncomplicated influenza in patients 6 months and older who have been symptomatic for no more than 2 days.<br>RAPIVAB is an influenza virus neuraminidase inhibitor indicated for the treatment of acute uncomplicated influenza in patients 6 months and older who have been symptomatic for no more than two days. ( 1 )<br>Limitations of Use :<br>Limitations of Use :<br>1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE RAPIVAB is indicated for the treatment of acute uncomplicated influenza in patients 6 months and older who have been symptomatic for no more than 2 days. RAPIVAB is an influenza virus neuraminidase inhibitor indicated for the treatment of acute uncomplicated influenza in patients 6 months and older who have been symptomatic for no more than two days. ( 1 ) Limitations of Use : Efficacy based on clinical trials in which the predominant influenza virus type was influenza A; a limited number of subjects infected with influenza B virus were enrolled. ( 1 ) Consider available information on influenza drug susceptibility patterns and treatment effects when deciding whether to use. ( 1 ) Efficacy could not be established in patients with serious influenza requiring hospitalization. ( 1 ) Limitations of Use : Efficacy of RAPIVAB is based on clinical trials of naturally occurring influenza in which the predominant influenza infections were influenza A virus; a limited number of subjects infected with influenza B virus were enrolled. Influenza viruses change over time. Emergence of resistance substitutions could decrease drug effectiveness. Other factors (for example, changes in viral virulence) might also diminish clinical benefit of antiviral drugs. Prescribers should consider available information on influenza drug susceptibility patterns and treatment effects when deciding whether to use RAPIVAB [see Microbiology (12.4) ]. The efficacy of RAPIVAB could not be established in patients with serious influenza requiring hospitalization [see Clinical Studies (14.3) ].