Cardiovascular Thrombotic Events<br>Gastrointestinal Bleeding, Ulceration and Perforation<br>WARNING: RISK OF SERIOUS CARDIOVASCULAR AND GASTROINTESTINAL EVENTS<br>See full prescribing information for complete boxed warning<br>WARNING: RISK OF SERIOUS CARDIOVASCULAR AND GASTROINTESTINAL EVENTS<br> Cardiovascular Thrombotic Events Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) cause an increased risk of serious cardiovascular thrombotic events, including myocardial infarction and stroke, which can be fatal. This risk may occur early in treatment and may increase with duration of use. [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.1 )] . CALDOLOR is contraindicated in the setting of coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery [see Contraindications ( 4 ) and Warnings and Precautions ( 5.1 )] . Gastrointestinal Bleeding, Ulceration and Perforation NSAIDs cause an increased risk of serious gastrointestinal (GI) adverse events including bleeding, ulceration, and perforation of the stomach or intestines, which can be fatal. These events can occur at any time during use and without warning symptoms. Elderly patients and patients with a prior history of peptic ulcer disease and/or GI bleeding are at greater risk for serious GI events [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.2 )] . WARNING: RISK OF SERIOUS CARDIOVASCULAR AND GASTROINTESTINAL EVENTS See full prescribing information for complete boxed warning Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) cause an increased risk of serious cardiovascular thrombotic events, including myocardial infarction and stroke, which can be fatal. This risk may occur early in treatment and may increase with duration of use. ( 5.1 ) CALDOLOR is contraindicated in the setting of coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. ( 4 , 5.1 ) NSAIDs cause an increased risk of serious gastrointestinal (GI) adverse events including bleeding, ulceration, and perforation of the stomach or intestines, which can be fatal. These events can occur at any time during use and without warning symptoms. Elderly patients and patients with a prior history of peptic ulcer disease and/or GI bleeding are at greater risk for serious GI events. ( 5.2 )