WARNING: RISK OF SEVERE BRONCHOSPASM<br>Mannitol, the active ingredient in ARIDOL, acts as a bronchoconstrictor and may cause severe bronchospasm. Bronchial challenge testing with ARIDOL is for diagnostic purposes only. Bronchial challenge testing with ARIDOL should only be conducted by trained professionals under the supervision of a physician familiar with all aspects of the bronchial challenge test and the management of acute bronchospasm. Medications (such as short-acting inhaled beta-agonist) and equipment to treat severe bronchospasm must be present in the testing area. If severe bronchospasm occurs it should be treated immediately by administration of a short-acting inhaled beta-agonist. Because of the potential for severe bronchoconstriction, the bronchial challenge testing with ARIDOL should not be performed in any patient with clinically apparent asthma or very low baseline pulmonary function tests (e.g., FEV 1 <1-1.5 liters or <70% of the predicted values) [ see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.1 ) ].<br>WARNING: RISK OF SEVERE BRONCHOSPASM<br>See full prescribing information for complete boxed warning.<br>Mannitol, the active ingredient in ARIDOL, acts as a bronchoconstrictor and may cause severe bronchospasm. Bronchial challenge testing with ARIDOL is for diagnostic purposes only. Only trained professionals under the supervision of a physician who are familiar with the management of acute bronchospasm should perform bronchial challenge testing with ARIDOL. Medications (such as short-acting inhaled beta-agonist) and equipment to treat severe bronchospasm must be present in the testing area. Because of the potential for severe bronchoconstriction, bronchial challenge testing with ARIDOL should not be performed in any patient with clinically apparent asthma or very low baseline pulmonary function tests (e.g., FEV 1 <1-1.5 liters or <70% of the predicted values) ( 5.1 )<br>WARNING: RISK OF SEVERE BRONCHOSPASM Mannitol, the active ingredient in ARIDOL, acts as a bronchoconstrictor and may cause severe bronchospasm. Bronchial challenge testing with ARIDOL is for diagnostic purposes only. Bronchial challenge testing with ARIDOL should only be conducted by trained professionals under the supervision of a physician familiar with all aspects of the bronchial challenge test and the management of acute bronchospasm. Medications (such as short-acting inhaled beta-agonist) and equipment to treat severe bronchospasm must be present in the testing area. If severe bronchospasm occurs it should be treated immediately by administration of a short-acting inhaled beta-agonist. Because of the potential for severe bronchoconstriction, the bronchial challenge testing with ARIDOL should not be performed in any patient with clinically apparent asthma or very low baseline pulmonary function tests (e.g., FEV 1 <1-1.5 liters or <70% of the predicted values) [ see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.1 ) ]. WARNING: RISK OF SEVERE BRONCHOSPASM See full prescribing information for complete boxed warning. Mannitol, the active ingredient in ARIDOL, acts as a bronchoconstrictor and may cause severe bronchospasm. Bronchial challenge testing with ARIDOL is for diagnostic purposes only. Only trained professionals under the supervision of a physician who are familiar with the management of acute bronchospasm should perform bronchial challenge testing with ARIDOL. Medications (such as short-acting inhaled beta-agonist) and equipment to treat severe bronchospasm must be present in the testing area. Because of the potential for severe bronchoconstriction, bronchial challenge testing with ARIDOL should not be performed in any patient with clinically apparent asthma or very low baseline pulmonary function tests (e.g., FEV 1 <1-1.5 liters or <70% of the predicted values) ( 5.1 )