AUSTEDO XR and AUSTEDO can increase the risk of depression and suicidal thoughts and behavior (suicidality) in patients with Huntington’s disease. Anyone considering the use of AUSTEDO XR or AUSTEDO must balance the risks of depression and suicidality with the clinical need for treatment of chorea. Closely monitor patients for the emergence or worsening of depression, suicidality, or unusual changes in behavior. Patients, their caregivers, and families should be informed of the risk of depression and suicidality and should be instructed to report behaviors of concern promptly to the treating physician.<br>Particular caution should be exercised in treating patients with a history of depression or prior suicide attempts or ideation, which are increased in frequency in Huntington’s disease. AUSTEDO XR and AUSTEDO are contraindicated in patients who are suicidal, and in patients with untreated or inadequately treated depression [see Contraindications ( 4 ) and Warnings and Precautions ( 5.1 )].<br>WARNING: DEPRESSION AND SUICIDALITY IN PATIENTS WITH HUNTINGTON’S DISEASE<br>See full prescribing information for complete boxed warning.<br>WARNING: DEPRESSION AND SUICIDALITY IN PATIENTS WITH HUNTINGTON’S DISEASE AUSTEDO XR and AUSTEDO can increase the risk of depression and suicidal thoughts and behavior (suicidality) in patients with Huntington’s disease. Anyone considering the use of AUSTEDO XR or AUSTEDO must balance the risks of depression and suicidality with the clinical need for treatment of chorea. Closely monitor patients for the emergence or worsening of depression, suicidality, or unusual changes in behavior. Patients, their caregivers, and families should be informed of the risk of depression and suicidality and should be instructed to report behaviors of concern promptly to the treating physician. Particular caution should be exercised in treating patients with a history of depression or prior suicide attempts or ideation, which are increased in frequency in Huntington’s disease. AUSTEDO XR and AUSTEDO are contraindicated in patients who are suicidal, and in patients with untreated or inadequately treated depression [see Contraindications ( 4 ) and Warnings and Precautions ( 5.1 )]. WARNING: DEPRESSION AND SUICIDALITY IN PATIENTS WITH HUNTINGTON’S DISEASE See full prescribing information for complete boxed warning. Increases the risk of depression and suicidal thoughts and behavior (suicidality) in patients with Huntington’s disease ( 5.1 ) Balance risks of depression and suicidality with the clinical need for treatment of chorea when considering the use of AUSTEDO XR or AUSTEDO ( 5.1 ) Monitor patients for the emergence or worsening of depression, suicidality, or unusual changes in behavior ( 5.1 ) Inform patients, caregivers, and families of the risk of depression and suicidality and instruct to report behaviors of concern promptly to the treating physician ( 5.1 ) Exercise caution when treating patients with a history of depression or prior suicide attempts or ideation ( 5.1 ) AUSTEDO XR and AUSTEDO are contraindicated in patients who are suicidal, and in patients with untreated or inadequately treated depression ( 4 , 5.1 )