WARNING: EMBRYO-FETAL TOXICITY and DIFFERENTIATION SYNDROME<br>WARNING: EMBRYO-FETAL TOXICITY and DIFFERENTIATION SYNDROME<br>See full prescribing information for complete boxed warning.<br>WARNING: EMBRYO-FETAL TOXICITY and DIFFERENTIATION SYNDROME Tretinoin capsules can cause embryo-fetal loss and malformations when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise pregnant women of the potential risk to a fetus. Females of reproductive potential must have a negative pregnancy test before initiating tretinoin capsules. Advise females of reproductive potential to use two effective methods of contraception during treatment with tretinoin capsules and for 1 month after the last dose. Advise males with female partners of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment with tretinoin capsules and for 1 week after the last dose [see Warnings and Precautions (5.1), Use in Specific Populations (8.1, 8.3)] . Differentiation Syndrome, which can be life-threatening or fatal, occurred in about 26% of patients with APL who received tretinoin capsules. At first signs or symptoms of this syndrome, immediately initiate high-dose corticosteroid therapy and hemodynamic monitoring until resolution of signs and symptoms. Consider withholding tretinoin capsules for moderate and severe Differentiation Syndrome until resolution [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2)] . WARNING: EMBRYO-FETAL TOXICITY and DIFFERENTIATION SYNDROME See full prescribing information for complete boxed warning. Embryo-Fetal Toxicity: tretinoin capsules can cause embryo-fetal loss and malformations when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise pregnant women of the potential risk to a fetus. Females of reproductive potential must have a negative pregnancy test before initiating tretinoin capsules. Advise females of reproductive potential to use two effective methods of contraception during treatment with tretinoin capsules and for 1 month after the last dose. Advise males with female partners of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment with tretinoin capsules and for 1 week after the last dose. (5.1, 8.1, 8.3) Differentiation Syndrome, which can be life-threatening or fatal, occurred in about 26% of patients with APL who received tretinoin capsules. At first signs or symptoms of this syndrome, immediately initiate high-dose corticosteroid therapy and hemodynamic monitoring until resolution of signs and symptoms. Consider withholding tretinoin capsules for moderate and severe Differentiation Syndrome until resolution. (5.2)