Anti-metreleptin antibodies with neutralizing activity have been identified in patients treated with MYALEPT. The consequences of these neutralizing antibodies are not well characterized but could include inhibition of endogenous leptin action and/or loss of MYALEPT efficacy. Severe infection and/or worsening metabolic control have been reported. Test for anti-metreleptin antibodies with neutralizing activity in patients who develop severe infections or show signs suspicious for loss of MYALEPT efficacy during treatment. Contact Amryt Pharmaceuticals DAC at 1-866-216-1526 for neutralizing antibody testing of clinical samples [see Contraindications (4.1) and Warnings and Precautions (5.1) ].<br>T-cell lymphoma has been reported in patients with acquired generalized lipodystrophy, both treated and not treated with MYALEPT. Carefully consider the benefits and risks of treatment with MYALEPT in patients with significant hematologic abnormalities and/or acquired generalized lipodystrophy [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2) ].<br>Because of these risks associated with the development of anti-metreleptin antibodies that neutralize endogenous leptin and/or MYALEPT and the risk for lymphoma, MYALEPT is available only through a restricted program under a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) called the MYALEPT REMS PROGRAM [see Warnings and Precautions (5.3) ].<br>WARNING: RISK OF ANTI-METRELEPTIN ANTIBODIES WITH NEUTRALIZING ACTIVITY AND RISK OF LYMPHOMA<br>See full prescribing information for complete boxed warning.<br>Anti-metreleptin antibodies with neutralizing activity have been identified in patients treated with MYALEPT. The consequences are not well characterized but could include inhibition of endogenous leptin action and loss of MYALEPT efficacy. Worsening metabolic control and/or severe infection have been reported. Test for anti-metreleptin antibodies with neutralizing activity in patients with severe infections or loss of efficacy during MYALEPT treatment. Contact Amryt Pharmaceuticals DAC at 1-866-216-1526 for neutralizing antibody testing. ( 4.1 ), ( 5.1 )<br>T-cell lymphoma has been reported in patients with acquired generalized lipodystrophy, both treated and not treated with MYALEPT. Carefully consider the benefits and risks of treatment with MYALEPT in patients with significant hematologic abnormalities and/or acquired generalized lipodystrophy. ( 5.2 )<br>MYALEPT is available only through a restricted program called the MYALEPT REMS PROGRAM. ( 5.3 )<br>WARNING: RISK OF ANTI-METRELEPTIN ANTIBODIES WITH NEUTRALIZING ACTIVITY AND RISK OF LYMPHOMA Anti-metreleptin antibodies with neutralizing activity have been identified in patients treated with MYALEPT. The consequences of these neutralizing antibodies are not well characterized but could include inhibition of endogenous leptin action and/or loss of MYALEPT efficacy. Severe infection and/or worsening metabolic control have been reported. Test for anti-metreleptin antibodies with neutralizing activity in patients who develop severe infections or show signs suspicious for loss of MYALEPT efficacy during treatment. Contact Amryt Pharmaceuticals DAC at 1-866-216-1526 for neutralizing antibody testing of clinical samples [see Contraindications (4.1) and Warnings and Precautions (5.1) ]. T-cell lymphoma has been reported in patients with acquired generalized lipodystrophy, both treated and not treated with MYALEPT. Carefully consider the benefits and risks of treatment with MYALEPT in patients with significant hematologic abnormalities and/or acquired generalized lipodystrophy [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2) ]. Because of these risks associated with the development of anti-metreleptin antibodies that neutralize endogenous leptin and/or MYALEPT and the risk for lymphoma, MYALEPT is available only through a restricted program under a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) called the MYALEPT REMS PROGRAM [see Warnings and Precautions (5.3) ]. WARNING: RISK OF ANTI-METRELEPTIN ANTIBODIES WITH NEUTRALIZING ACTIVITY AND RISK OF LYMPHOMA See full prescribing information for complete boxed warning. Anti-metreleptin antibodies with neutralizing activity have been identified in patients treated with MYALEPT. The consequences are not well characterized but could include inhibition of endogenous leptin action and loss of MYALEPT efficacy. Worsening metabolic control and/or severe infection have been reported. Test for anti-metreleptin antibodies with neutralizing activity in patients with severe infections or loss of efficacy during MYALEPT treatment. Contact Amryt Pharmaceuticals DAC at 1-866-216-1526 for neutralizing antibody testing. ( 4.1 ), ( 5.1 ) T-cell lymphoma has been reported in patients with acquired generalized lipodystrophy, both treated and not treated with MYALEPT. Carefully consider the benefits and risks of treatment with MYALEPT in patients with significant hematologic abnormalities and/or acquired generalized lipodystrophy. ( 5.2 ) MYALEPT is available only through a restricted program called the MYALEPT REMS PROGRAM. ( 5.3 )